readme.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://www.travis-ci.org/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter.svg?branch=master)](https://www.travis-ci.org/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter)
[![Download](https://jitpack.io/v/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter/blob/master/LICENSE)

spring-boot-bitcoin-starter
===

**Write enterprise Bitcoin applications with Spring Boot.**

Spring boot starter projects with convenient dependency descriptors for multiple Bitcoin related modules that you can 
include in your application. Strong focus on integration and regression testing your own application or module.
Included are features for representing, transporting, and performing comprehensive calculations and tests
with Bitcoin in financial applications and monetary computations.
 
**Note**: Most code is still experimental - **do not use in production**.
This project is under active development. Pull requests and issues are welcome.
 
## Modules
### bitcoin-jsr354
Contains a JSR354 compliant `CurrentyUnit` implementation representing Bitcoin.

### spring-jsr354
A module containing a spring boot starter for convenient handling of JSR354 beans.
This module creates an application context aware JSR354 Service Provider (`javax.money.spi.ServiceProvider`)
that provides beans in the application context to be used by JSR354 factories (`javax.money.Monetary`).

### xchange-jsr354
A module containing a spring boot starter for integrating [XChange]( https://github.com/knowm/XChange)
in JSR354 currency conversions. Provides a
`javax.money.convert.ExchangeRateProvider` implementation that uses `org.knowm.xchange.Exchange` beans
to supply exchange rates from popular Bitcoin exchanges.

e.g.
```java
CurrencyConversion btcToUsdConversion = MonetaryConversions.getConversion(ConversionQueryBuilder.of()
    .setBaseCurrency(Monetary.getCurrency("BTC"))
    .setTermCurrency(Monetary.getCurrency("USD"))
    .build());

Money singleBitcoin = Money.of(BigDecimal.ONE, "BTC");
Money singleBitcoinInUsd = singleBitcoin.with(btcToUsdConversion);

log.info("{} equals {}", singleBitcoin, singleBitcoinInUsd);
// e.g. "BTC 1.00 equals USD 13806.90"
```

### bitcoin-zeromq-client
A module containing a spring boot starter for a Bitcoin Core ZeroMq API client.
The starter will automatically create autowireable `ZeroMqMessagePublisherFactory` beans
for every zmq endpoint:

```yaml
org.tbk.bitcoin.zeromq:
  network: mainnet
  zmqpubrawblock: tcp://localhost:28332
  zmqpubrawtx: tcp://localhost:28333
  zmqpubhashblock: tcp://localhost:28334
  zmqpubhashtx: tcp://localhost:28335
```

Here is an example of how to subscribe to messages:
```java
@Slf4j
public final class SubscribeToBitcoinTransactionsViaZeroMqExample {

  @Autowire
  @Qualifier("bitcoinRawTxZeroMqMessagePublisherFactory")
  private MessagePublisherFactory<byte[]> rawTxMessageFactory;

  public void start() {
    this.rawTxMessageFactory.create().subscribe(rawTx -> {
      log.info("Got raw transaction: {}", rawTx);
    });
  }
}
```

See the autoconfig class `BitcoinZeroMqClientAutoConfiguration` for more details.

Also, if you have [bitcoinj](https://github.com/bitcoinj/bitcoinj) in the classpath, it will create a bean
of type `BitcoinjTransactionPublisherFactory` and `BitcoinjBlockPublisherFactory` which will emit `bitcoinj` types for your convenience.


### bitcoin-jsonrpc-client
A module containing a spring boot starter for a [ConsensusJ](https://github.com/ConsensusJ/consensusj) Bitcoin Core JSON-RPC API client.
The starter will automatically create an autowireable `BitcoinClient` bean:

```yaml
org.tbk.bitcoin.jsonrpc.client:
  enabled: true
  network: mainnet
  rpchost: http://localhost
  rpcport: 8332
  rpcuser: myrpcuser
  rpcpassword: 'myrpcpassword'
```


### lnd-grpc-client
A module containing a spring boot starter for a [Lightningj](https://www.lightningj.org/) lnd gRPC API client.
The starter will automatically create autowireable `AsynchronousLndAPI` and `SynchronousLndAPI` beans:

```yaml
org.tbk.lightning.lnd.grpc:
  enabled: true
  rpchost: localhost
  rpcport: 10009
  macaroon-file-path: '/lnd/.lnd/data/chain/bitcoin/regtest/admin.macaroon'
  cert-file-path: '/lnd/.lnd/tls.cert'
```


### spring-testcontainer

This module contains a fast and easy way to start one or multiple instances of external services within 
docker containers programmatically directly from your application.
Please note, that **these modules are intended to be used in regtest mode only**.

#### spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter
Start and run [Bitcoin Core](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin) daemons.

This spring boot starter module can be used in combination with
[bitcoin-jsonrpc-client](#bitcoin-jsonrpc-client) and [bitcoin-zeromq-client](#bitcoin-zeromq-client).

#### spring-testcontainer-lnd-starter
Start and run [lnd](https://github.com/LightningNetwork/lnd) daemons.

Currently, it **can only** be used in combination with [spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter](#spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter)!

#### spring-testcontainer-electrumx-starter
Start and run [ElectrumX](https://github.com/spesmilo/electrumx) instances.

It can be used in combination with [spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter](#spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter)!

#### spring-testcontainer-electrum-personal-server-starter
Start and run [Electrum Personal Server](https://github.com/chris-belcher/electrum-personal-server) instances.

It can be used in combination with [spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter](#spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter)!

#### spring-testcontainer-electrum-daemon-starter
Start and run [Electrum](https://github.com/spesmilo/electrum) daemons. 

It can be used in combination with [spring-testcontainer-electrumx-starter](#spring-testcontainer-electrumx-starter)
and [spring-testcontainer-electrum-personal-server-starter](#spring-testcontainer-electrum-personal-server-starter)!

#### spring-testcontainer-tor-starter
Start and run [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) daemons. 

Easily expose your application as Tor Hidden Service.
Try running the [spring-testcontainer-tor-example-application](spring-testcontainer/spring-testcontainer-tor-example-application) for more information!
Start the application with
```shell
./gradlew -p spring-testcontainer/spring-testcontainer-tor-example-application bootRun
```
Example console output:
```
2021-01-03 14:51:17.300  INFO 66700 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.t.e.TorContainerExampleApplication : Started TorContainerExampleApplication in 3.844 seconds (JVM running for 4.627)
2021-01-03 14:51:17.369  INFO 66700 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.t.e.TorContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2021-01-03 14:51:22.541  INFO 66700 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.t.e.TorContainerExampleApplication : Tor is enabled.
2021-01-03 14:51:22.542  INFO 66700 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.t.e.TorContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2021-01-03 14:51:22.951 DEBUG 66700 --- [  restartedMain] .t.s.t.t.c.TorContainerAutoConfiguration : my_spring_application_8080 => kizeqfbins5mp3pdsvcn2baqaqfmrvv7fx5gak2flfmagffhpetkjiqd.onion
```

Now you can access your application either through your local tor instance or from the container
(see `docker ps | grep 'tbk-testcontainer-btcpayserver-tor'` to find the mapped tor port 9050). e.g.:

```
$ docker ps | grep 'tbk-testcontainer-btcpayserver-tor'
10b7f0799016        btcpayserver/tor:0.4.2.7    "./entrypoint.sh tor"     2 hours ago         Up 2 hours          0.0.0.0:33243->9050/tcp, 0.0.0.0:33242->9051/tcp   tbk-testcontainer-btcpayserver-tor-5297fbc
```

```
$ torsocks -p 33243 curl kizeqfbins5mp3pdsvcn2baqaqfmrvv7fx5gak2flfmagffhpetkjiqd.onion
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head lang="en">
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Tor Container Example Application</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>It works!</h1>
</body>
</html>
```

### spring-bitcoin-fee
A generalized and extensible interface of multiple Bitcoin Fee Recommendation APIs.
The following providers are implemented:
- [x] Bitcoin Core JSON-RPC Api (`estimatestmartfee`)
- [x] bitcoiner.live API
- [x] Bitgo API
- [x] Bitcore API
- [x] Blockchain.info API (deprecated - will be removed as it is not compatible with "block target" recommendations)
- [x] Blockchair API
- [x] BlockCypher API
- [x] Blockstream.info API
- [x] BTC.com API
- [x] earn.com API

### examples
There are also some example applications showing basic usage of the functionality provided by these modules.

#### bitcoin-exchange-rate-example-application
Start the application with
```shell
./gradlew -p examples/bitcoin-exchange-rate-example-application bootRun
```

... and open the following url in your browser:
`http://localhost:8080/api/v1/exchange/latest?base=BTC&target=USD&provider=KRAKEN`

Example output (2020-11-08):
```json
{
  "base" : "BTC",
  "rates" : [ {
    "base" : "BTC",
    "chain" : [ ],
    "derived" : false,
    "factor" : "15400.00000",
    "meta" : {
      "ask" : "15400.00000",
      "bid" : "15399.90000",
      "high" : "15450.00000",
      "javax.money.convert.RateType" : "DEFERRED",
      "last" : "15400.00000",
      "low" : "14365.00000",
      "open" : "14837.40000",
      "provider" : "KRAKEN",
      "providerDescription" : "Kraken is a Bitcoin exchange operated by Payward, Inc.",
      "providerName" : "Kraken",
      "quoteVolume" : "119845666.5998900000000",
      "rateTypes" : [ "DEFERRED" ],
      "volume" : "7782.18614285",
      "vwap" : "14916.50557"
    },
    "provider" : "KRAKEN",
    "target" : "USD",
    "type" : "DEFERRED"
  } ]
}
```

#### lnd-playground-example-application
Start the application with
```shell
./gradlew -p examples/lnd-playground-example-application bootRun
```

Example console output:
```
2020-12-10 00:48:45.538  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : Started LndContainerExampleApplication in 258.23 seconds (JVM running for 258.867)
2020-12-10 00:48:45.969  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:48:45.969  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] identity_pubkey: 02c90d9086299b6f446365daff74fa5690b90a2ba18c9a077feeeeff73c5eabe4a
2020-12-10 00:48:45.969  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] alias: tbk-lnd-example-application
2020-12-10 00:48:45.970  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] version: 0.11.1-beta commit=v0.11.1-beta-4-g3c4471f8818a07e63864d39a1c3352ce19e8f31d
2020-12-10 00:48:45.997  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:48:52.631 DEBUG 37837 --- [stMiner RUNNING] .r.BitcoindRegtestMinerAutoConfiguration : Duration till next block: PT9.962S
2020-12-10 00:48:52.645  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] l.e.LndContainerExampleApplicationConfig : [bitcoind] new best block: 53d4d9117159a9359f14828b5c432d23400f30250c87e1fb9d3b25e163b0d9d2
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] block height: 1
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] block hash: 53d4d9117159a9359f14828b5c432d23400f30250c87e1fb9d3b25e163b0d9d2
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] best header timestamp: 1607557732
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:49:01.653 DEBUG 37837 --- [stMiner RUNNING] .r.BitcoindRegtestMinerAutoConfiguration : Duration till next block: PT4.701S
2020-12-10 00:49:01.664  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] l.e.LndContainerExampleApplicationConfig : [bitcoind] new best block: 1745d662e4a06eaa4ce86ee0631a96454aeb43e344518b8a3c64728170aa4c3e
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] block height: 2
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] block hash: 1745d662e4a06eaa4ce86ee0631a96454aeb43e344518b8a3c64728170aa4c3e
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] best header timestamp: 1607557741
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
```


## Development
### Requirements
- java >=11
- docker

A Bitcoin Core Testcontainer running in regtest mode is started for most examples. 
Having access to a Bitcoin Core node running on mainnet is quite useful if you want to try everything.
Optional: A node should publish `rawtx` and `rawblock` messages via zmq for some features to be working.

### Build
```
./gradlew build -x test
```
 
### Test
```
./gradlew test integrationTest
```

### Dependency Checks
```
# calculate checksums of dependencies
./gradlew -q calculateChecksums | grep -v "spring-boot-bitcoin-starter" > checksums.gradle
# verifies checksums of dependencies
./gradlew verifyChecksums
```

# Resources
- Bitcoin: https://bitcoin.org/en/getting-started
- Lightning Network: https://lightning.network/
- JSR354 (GitHub): https://github.com/JavaMoney/jsr354-api
- Spring Boot (GitHub): https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot
---
- Bitcoin Core (GitHub): https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin
- lnd (GitHub): https://github.com/LightningNetwork/lnd
- ElectrumX Server (GitHub): https://github.com/spesmilo/electrumx
- Electrum Personal Server (GitHub): https://github.com/chris-belcher/electrum-personal-server
- Electrum Client (GitHub): https://github.com/spesmilo/electrum
- XChange (GitHub): https://github.com/knowm/XChange
- bitcoinj (GitHub): https://github.com/bitcoinj/bitcoinj
- Lightningj (GitHub): https://github.com/lightningj-org/lightningj
- ConsensusJ (GitHub): https://github.com/ConsensusJ/consensusj
- JeroMq (GitHub): https://github.com/zeromq/jeromq
- Project Reactor (GitHub): https://github.com/reactor/reactor-core
- Testcontainers (GitHub): https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-java/
- Tor: https://www.torproject.org/
- Protocol Buffers: https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers

# License
The project is licensed under the Apache License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

readme: add example command running the full test suite

readme.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://www.travis-ci.org/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter.svg?branch=master)](https://www.travis-ci.org/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter)
[![Download](https://jitpack.io/v/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/theborakompanioni/spring-boot-bitcoin-starter/blob/master/LICENSE)

spring-boot-bitcoin-starter
===

**Write enterprise Bitcoin applications with Spring Boot.**

Spring boot starter projects with convenient dependency descriptors for multiple Bitcoin related modules that you can 
include in your application. Strong focus on integration and regression testing your own application or module.
Included are features for representing, transporting, and performing comprehensive calculations and tests
with Bitcoin in financial applications and monetary computations.
 
**Note**: Most code is still experimental - **do not use in production**.
This project is under active development. Pull requests and issues are welcome.
 
## Modules
### bitcoin-jsr354
Contains a JSR354 compliant `CurrentyUnit` implementation representing Bitcoin.

### spring-jsr354
A module containing a spring boot starter for convenient handling of JSR354 beans.
This module creates an application context aware JSR354 Service Provider (`javax.money.spi.ServiceProvider`)
that provides beans in the application context to be used by JSR354 factories (`javax.money.Monetary`).

### xchange-jsr354
A module containing a spring boot starter for integrating [XChange]( https://github.com/knowm/XChange)
in JSR354 currency conversions. Provides a
`javax.money.convert.ExchangeRateProvider` implementation that uses `org.knowm.xchange.Exchange` beans
to supply exchange rates from popular Bitcoin exchanges.

e.g.
```java
CurrencyConversion btcToUsdConversion = MonetaryConversions.getConversion(ConversionQueryBuilder.of()
    .setBaseCurrency(Monetary.getCurrency("BTC"))
    .setTermCurrency(Monetary.getCurrency("USD"))
    .build());

Money singleBitcoin = Money.of(BigDecimal.ONE, "BTC");
Money singleBitcoinInUsd = singleBitcoin.with(btcToUsdConversion);

log.info("{} equals {}", singleBitcoin, singleBitcoinInUsd);
// e.g. "BTC 1.00 equals USD 13806.90"
```

### bitcoin-zeromq-client
A module containing a spring boot starter for a Bitcoin Core ZeroMq API client.
The starter will automatically create autowireable `ZeroMqMessagePublisherFactory` beans
for every zmq endpoint:

```yaml
org.tbk.bitcoin.zeromq:
  network: mainnet
  zmqpubrawblock: tcp://localhost:28332
  zmqpubrawtx: tcp://localhost:28333
  zmqpubhashblock: tcp://localhost:28334
  zmqpubhashtx: tcp://localhost:28335
```

Here is an example of how to subscribe to messages:
```java
@Slf4j
public final class SubscribeToBitcoinTransactionsViaZeroMqExample {

  @Autowire
  @Qualifier("bitcoinRawTxZeroMqMessagePublisherFactory")
  private MessagePublisherFactory<byte[]> rawTxMessageFactory;

  public void start() {
    this.rawTxMessageFactory.create().subscribe(rawTx -> {
      log.info("Got raw transaction: {}", rawTx);
    });
  }
}
```

See the autoconfig class `BitcoinZeroMqClientAutoConfiguration` for more details.

Also, if you have [bitcoinj](https://github.com/bitcoinj/bitcoinj) in the classpath, it will create a bean
of type `BitcoinjTransactionPublisherFactory` and `BitcoinjBlockPublisherFactory` which will emit `bitcoinj` types for your convenience.


### bitcoin-jsonrpc-client
A module containing a spring boot starter for a [ConsensusJ](https://github.com/ConsensusJ/consensusj) Bitcoin Core JSON-RPC API client.
The starter will automatically create an autowireable `BitcoinClient` bean:

```yaml
org.tbk.bitcoin.jsonrpc.client:
  enabled: true
  network: mainnet
  rpchost: http://localhost
  rpcport: 8332
  rpcuser: myrpcuser
  rpcpassword: 'myrpcpassword'
```


### lnd-grpc-client
A module containing a spring boot starter for a [Lightningj](https://www.lightningj.org/) lnd gRPC API client.
The starter will automatically create autowireable `AsynchronousLndAPI` and `SynchronousLndAPI` beans:

```yaml
org.tbk.lightning.lnd.grpc:
  enabled: true
  rpchost: localhost
  rpcport: 10009
  macaroon-file-path: '/lnd/.lnd/data/chain/bitcoin/regtest/admin.macaroon'
  cert-file-path: '/lnd/.lnd/tls.cert'
```


### spring-testcontainer

This module contains a fast and easy way to start one or multiple instances of external services within 
docker containers programmatically directly from your application.
Please note, that **these modules are intended to be used in regtest mode only**.

#### spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter
Start and run [Bitcoin Core](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin) daemons.

This spring boot starter module can be used in combination with
[bitcoin-jsonrpc-client](#bitcoin-jsonrpc-client) and [bitcoin-zeromq-client](#bitcoin-zeromq-client).

#### spring-testcontainer-lnd-starter
Start and run [lnd](https://github.com/LightningNetwork/lnd) daemons.

Currently, it **can only** be used in combination with [spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter](#spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter)!

#### spring-testcontainer-electrumx-starter
Start and run [ElectrumX](https://github.com/spesmilo/electrumx) instances.

It can be used in combination with [spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter](#spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter)!

#### spring-testcontainer-electrum-personal-server-starter
Start and run [Electrum Personal Server](https://github.com/chris-belcher/electrum-personal-server) instances.

It can be used in combination with [spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter](#spring-testcontainer-bitcoind-starter)!

#### spring-testcontainer-electrum-daemon-starter
Start and run [Electrum](https://github.com/spesmilo/electrum) daemons. 

It can be used in combination with [spring-testcontainer-electrumx-starter](#spring-testcontainer-electrumx-starter)
and [spring-testcontainer-electrum-personal-server-starter](#spring-testcontainer-electrum-personal-server-starter)!

#### spring-testcontainer-tor-starter
Start and run [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) daemons. 

Easily expose your application as Tor Hidden Service.
Try running the [spring-testcontainer-tor-example-application](spring-testcontainer/spring-testcontainer-tor-example-application) for more information!
Start the application with
```shell
./gradlew -p spring-testcontainer/spring-testcontainer-tor-example-application bootRun
```
Example console output:
```
2021-01-03 14:51:17.300  INFO 66700 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.t.e.TorContainerExampleApplication : Started TorContainerExampleApplication in 3.844 seconds (JVM running for 4.627)
2021-01-03 14:51:17.369  INFO 66700 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.t.e.TorContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2021-01-03 14:51:22.541  INFO 66700 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.t.e.TorContainerExampleApplication : Tor is enabled.
2021-01-03 14:51:22.542  INFO 66700 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.t.e.TorContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2021-01-03 14:51:22.951 DEBUG 66700 --- [  restartedMain] .t.s.t.t.c.TorContainerAutoConfiguration : my_spring_application_8080 => kizeqfbins5mp3pdsvcn2baqaqfmrvv7fx5gak2flfmagffhpetkjiqd.onion
```

Now you can access your application either through your local tor instance or from the container
(see `docker ps | grep 'tbk-testcontainer-btcpayserver-tor'` to find the mapped tor port 9050). e.g.:

```
$ docker ps | grep 'tbk-testcontainer-btcpayserver-tor'
10b7f0799016        btcpayserver/tor:0.4.2.7    "./entrypoint.sh tor"     2 hours ago         Up 2 hours          0.0.0.0:33243->9050/tcp, 0.0.0.0:33242->9051/tcp   tbk-testcontainer-btcpayserver-tor-5297fbc
```

```
$ torsocks -p 33243 curl kizeqfbins5mp3pdsvcn2baqaqfmrvv7fx5gak2flfmagffhpetkjiqd.onion
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head lang="en">
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Tor Container Example Application</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>It works!</h1>
</body>
</html>
```

### spring-bitcoin-fee
A generalized and extensible interface of multiple Bitcoin Fee Recommendation APIs.
The following providers are implemented:
- [x] Bitcoin Core JSON-RPC Api (`estimatestmartfee`)
- [x] bitcoiner.live API
- [x] Bitgo API
- [x] Bitcore API
- [x] Blockchain.info API (deprecated - will be removed as it is not compatible with "block target" recommendations)
- [x] Blockchair API
- [x] BlockCypher API
- [x] Blockstream.info API
- [x] BTC.com API
- [x] earn.com API

### examples
There are also some example applications showing basic usage of the functionality provided by these modules.

#### bitcoin-exchange-rate-example-application
Start the application with
```shell
./gradlew -p examples/bitcoin-exchange-rate-example-application bootRun
```

... and open the following url in your browser:
`http://localhost:8080/api/v1/exchange/latest?base=BTC&target=USD&provider=KRAKEN`

Example output (2020-11-08):
```json
{
  "base" : "BTC",
  "rates" : [ {
    "base" : "BTC",
    "chain" : [ ],
    "derived" : false,
    "factor" : "15400.00000",
    "meta" : {
      "ask" : "15400.00000",
      "bid" : "15399.90000",
      "high" : "15450.00000",
      "javax.money.convert.RateType" : "DEFERRED",
      "last" : "15400.00000",
      "low" : "14365.00000",
      "open" : "14837.40000",
      "provider" : "KRAKEN",
      "providerDescription" : "Kraken is a Bitcoin exchange operated by Payward, Inc.",
      "providerName" : "Kraken",
      "quoteVolume" : "119845666.5998900000000",
      "rateTypes" : [ "DEFERRED" ],
      "volume" : "7782.18614285",
      "vwap" : "14916.50557"
    },
    "provider" : "KRAKEN",
    "target" : "USD",
    "type" : "DEFERRED"
  } ]
}
```

#### lnd-playground-example-application
Start the application with
```shell
./gradlew -p examples/lnd-playground-example-application bootRun
```

Example console output:
```
2020-12-10 00:48:45.538  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : Started LndContainerExampleApplication in 258.23 seconds (JVM running for 258.867)
2020-12-10 00:48:45.969  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:48:45.969  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] identity_pubkey: 02c90d9086299b6f446365daff74fa5690b90a2ba18c9a077feeeeff73c5eabe4a
2020-12-10 00:48:45.969  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] alias: tbk-lnd-example-application
2020-12-10 00:48:45.970  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] version: 0.11.1-beta commit=v0.11.1-beta-4-g3c4471f8818a07e63864d39a1c3352ce19e8f31d
2020-12-10 00:48:45.997  INFO 37837 --- [  restartedMain] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:48:52.631 DEBUG 37837 --- [stMiner RUNNING] .r.BitcoindRegtestMinerAutoConfiguration : Duration till next block: PT9.962S
2020-12-10 00:48:52.645  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] l.e.LndContainerExampleApplicationConfig : [bitcoind] new best block: 53d4d9117159a9359f14828b5c432d23400f30250c87e1fb9d3b25e163b0d9d2
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] block height: 1
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] block hash: 53d4d9117159a9359f14828b5c432d23400f30250c87e1fb9d3b25e163b0d9d2
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] best header timestamp: 1607557732
2020-12-10 00:48:52.906  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:49:01.653 DEBUG 37837 --- [stMiner RUNNING] .r.BitcoindRegtestMinerAutoConfiguration : Duration till next block: PT4.701S
2020-12-10 00:49:01.664  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] l.e.LndContainerExampleApplicationConfig : [bitcoind] new best block: 1745d662e4a06eaa4ce86ee0631a96454aeb43e344518b8a3c64728170aa4c3e
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] block height: 2
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] block hash: 1745d662e4a06eaa4ce86ee0631a96454aeb43e344518b8a3c64728170aa4c3e
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : [lnd] best header timestamp: 1607557741
2020-12-10 00:49:01.917  INFO 37837 --- [-pub-63f6c6f2-0] t.s.t.l.e.LndContainerExampleApplication : =================================================
```


## Development
### Requirements
- java >=11
- docker

A Bitcoin Core Testcontainer running in regtest mode is started for most examples. 
Having access to a Bitcoin Core node running on mainnet is quite useful if you want to try everything.
Optional: A node should publish `rawtx` and `rawblock` messages via zmq for some features to be working.

### Build
```
./gradlew build -x test
```
 
### Test
```
./gradlew test integrationTest
```

Tests in example application modules or modules that start a lot of docker containers 
(modules named "*-example-application" or "spring-testcontainer-*") are excluded from the
default test phase and must be manually enabled if you want to run them.
To run all tests you must pass `-PexampleTest` and `-PtestcontainerTest`:
```
./gradlew test integrationTest -PtestcontainerTest -PexampleTest
```
Be aware this might take several minutes to complete (>= 15 minutes).


### Dependency Checks
```
# verifies checksums of dependencies
./gradlew verifyChecksums
```

```
# calculate checksums of dependencies
./gradlew -q calculateChecksums | grep -v "spring-boot-bitcoin-starter" > checksums.gradle
```

# Resources
- Bitcoin: https://bitcoin.org/en/getting-started
- Lightning Network: https://lightning.network/
- JSR354 (GitHub): https://github.com/JavaMoney/jsr354-api
- Spring Boot (GitHub): https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot
---
- Bitcoin Core (GitHub): https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin
- lnd (GitHub): https://github.com/LightningNetwork/lnd
- ElectrumX Server (GitHub): https://github.com/spesmilo/electrumx
- Electrum Personal Server (GitHub): https://github.com/chris-belcher/electrum-personal-server
- Electrum Client (GitHub): https://github.com/spesmilo/electrum
- XChange (GitHub): https://github.com/knowm/XChange
- bitcoinj (GitHub): https://github.com/bitcoinj/bitcoinj
- Lightningj (GitHub): https://github.com/lightningj-org/lightningj
- ConsensusJ (GitHub): https://github.com/ConsensusJ/consensusj
- JeroMq (GitHub): https://github.com/zeromq/jeromq
- Project Reactor (GitHub): https://github.com/reactor/reactor-core
- Testcontainers (GitHub): https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-java/
- Tor: https://www.torproject.org/
- Protocol Buffers: https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers

# License
The project is licensed under the Apache License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
