troubleshooting.md, before:


# Troubleshooting

### A list of common issues and solutions for bitcoin-spring-boot-starter

#### 1) While building, I am getting something like "OCI runtime create failed"...
Are you using a distribution with cgroup v2? (e.g. Fedora switched to cgroups v2 in v31 - "Docker no longer works").
You can temporarily switch back to using cgroup v1: 
```shell
sudo grubby --update-kernel=ALL --args="systemd.unified_cgroup_hierarchy=0"
reboot
```
In case you want to undo this change this later.
This re-enables the usage of cgroup v2 (unified cgroup hierarchy):
```shell
sudo grubby --update-kernel=ALL --args="systemd.unified_cgroup_hierarchy"
```
For more information [see this article on how to configure Docker on Fedora](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/11/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-fedora.html)


#### 2) When I run an example application I get a "Can not connect to Ryuk: Connection refused" error?
This happens to some users running Fedora OS. Please make sure you have ryuk (a testcontainer dependency) disabled.
```
export TESTCONTAINERS_RYUK_DISABLED=true
```
Or when starting from an IDE (e.g. IntelliJ) add
`TESTCONTAINERS_RYUK_DISABLED=true` to the environment variables or the run configuration.

Commit message:

chore: add workaround of "thread state lock while building project" error to troubleshooting.md

troubleshooting.md, after:


# Troubleshooting

### A list of common issues and solutions for bitcoin-spring-boot-starter

#### 1) While building, I am getting something like "OCI runtime create failed"...
Are you using a distribution with cgroup v2? (e.g. Fedora switched to cgroups v2 in v31 - "Docker no longer works").
You can temporarily switch back to using cgroup v1: 
```shell
sudo grubby --update-kernel=ALL --args="systemd.unified_cgroup_hierarchy=0"
reboot
```
In case you want to undo this change this later.
This re-enables the usage of cgroup v2 (unified cgroup hierarchy):
```shell
sudo grubby --update-kernel=ALL --args="systemd.unified_cgroup_hierarchy"
```
For more information [see this article on how to configure Docker on Fedora](https://www.linuxuprising.com/2019/11/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-fedora.html)


#### 2) When I run an example application I get a "Can not connect to Ryuk: Connection refused" error...
This happens to some users running Fedora OS. Please make sure you have ryuk (a testcontainer dependency) disabled.
```
export TESTCONTAINERS_RYUK_DISABLED=true
```
Or when starting from an IDE (e.g. IntelliJ) add
`TESTCONTAINERS_RYUK_DISABLED=true` to the environment variables or the run configuration.

#### 3) When I build the project I get a "Current thread does not hold the state lock for project" error...

This has been observed when importing the project in IntelliJ idea. 
Try setting property `org.gradle.parallel` from `true` to `false` and try again.
